hi this is presto Locker can you use six
matches to make four triangles of equal
size and equal shape give this problem a
try and when you're ready keep watching
the video for the solution
when you lay the matches it's very easy
to make one triangle and you can
probably make a second triangle but how
do you make four triangles the trick is
to think in three dimensions if you
arrange the matches in the following
shape you create a tetrahedron this is a
shape that has four faces that are each
equilateral triangles there are six
edges in the shape and that's how you
can use six matches to make four
triangles of equal size and equal shape
did you figure it out thanks for
watching this video please subscribe to
my channel I make videos on math and
game theory you can catch me on my blog
mind your decisions which you can follow
on Facebook Google+ and patreon you can
catch me on social media at pressure
Locker and if you like this video please
check out my books their links in the
video description